source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/Player.java:30: error: (assignment) $$ 2 $$ null (NullType) $$ @Initialized @NonNull King $$ ( 681, 685 ) $$ incompatible types in assignment.
	private King king = null;
	                    ^
  found   : null (NullType)
  required: @Initialized @NonNull King
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/Player.java:32: error: (assignment) $$ 2 $$ null (NullType) $$ @Initialized @NonNull Player $$ ( 716, 720 ) $$ incompatible types in assignment.
	private Player opponent = null;
	                          ^
  found   : null (NullType)
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Player
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/Player.java:103: error: (assignment) $$ 2 $$ null (NullType) $$ @Initialized @NonNull King $$ ( 1809, 1813 ) $$ incompatible types in assignment.
		king = null;
		       ^
  found   : null (NullType)
  required: @Initialized @NonNull King
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/Player.java:136: error: (override.param) $$ 7 $$ obj $$ @Initialized @NonNull Object $$ @Initialized @Nullable Object $$ @Initialized @NonNull Player $$ @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Player this, @Initialized @NonNull Object p0) $$ @Initialized @NonNull Object $$ @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Object this, @Initialized @Nullable Object p0) $$ ( 2189, 2199 ) $$ Incompatible parameter type for obj.
	public boolean equals(Object obj)
	                             ^
  found   : @Initialized @NonNull Object
  required: @Initialized @Nullable Object
  Consequence: method in @Initialized @NonNull Player
    @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Player this, @Initialized @NonNull Object p0)
  cannot override method in @Initialized @NonNull Object
    @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Object this, @Initialized @Nullable Object p0)
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/MoveTest.java:17: error: (initialization.field.uninitialized) $$ 1 $$ blackKing $$ ( 260, 283 ) $$ the default constructor does not initialize field blackKing
	private King blackKing;
	             ^
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/MoveTest.java:19: error: (initialization.field.uninitialized) $$ 1 $$ whiteKing $$ ( 287, 310 ) $$ the default constructor does not initialize field whiteKing
	private King whiteKing;
	             ^
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/MoveTest.java:20: error: (initialization.field.uninitialized) $$ 1 $$ whiteRook $$ ( 312, 335 ) $$ the default constructor does not initialize field whiteRook
	private Rook whiteRook;
	             ^
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/King.java:90: error: (override.param) $$ 7 $$ obj $$ @Initialized @NonNull Object $$ @Initialized @Nullable Object $$ @Initialized @NonNull King $$ @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull King this, @Initialized @NonNull Object p0) $$ @Initialized @NonNull Object $$ @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Object this, @Initialized @Nullable Object p0) $$ ( 1672, 1682 ) $$ Incompatible parameter type for obj.
	public boolean equals(Object obj)
	                             ^
  found   : @Initialized @NonNull Object
  required: @Initialized @Nullable Object
  Consequence: method in @Initialized @NonNull King
    @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull King this, @Initialized @NonNull Object p0)
  cannot override method in @Initialized @NonNull Object
    @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Object this, @Initialized @Nullable Object p0)
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/Piece.java:24: error: (argument) $$ 4 $$ piece $$ Player.addPiece $$ @UnderInitialization(cz.dusanrychnovsky.chessendgames.core.Piece.class) @NonNull Piece $$ @Initialized @NonNull Piece $$ ( 390, 394 ) $$ incompatible argument for parameter piece of Player.addPiece.
		player.addPiece(this);
		                ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization(cz.dusanrychnovsky.chessendgames.core.Piece.class) @NonNull Piece
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Piece
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/Piece.java:50: error: (override.param) $$ 7 $$ obj $$ @Initialized @NonNull Object $$ @Initialized @Nullable Object $$ @Initialized @NonNull Piece $$ @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Piece this, @Initialized @NonNull Object p0) $$ @Initialized @NonNull Object $$ @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Object this, @Initialized @Nullable Object p0) $$ ( 824, 834 ) $$ Incompatible parameter type for obj.
	public boolean equals(Object obj)
	                             ^
  found   : @Initialized @NonNull Object
  required: @Initialized @Nullable Object
  Consequence: method in @Initialized @NonNull Piece
    @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Piece this, @Initialized @NonNull Object p0)
  cannot override method in @Initialized @NonNull Object
    @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Object this, @Initialized @Nullable Object p0)
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/Rook.java:85: error: (override.param) $$ 7 $$ obj $$ @Initialized @NonNull Object $$ @Initialized @Nullable Object $$ @Initialized @NonNull Rook $$ @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Rook this, @Initialized @NonNull Object p0) $$ @Initialized @NonNull Object $$ @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Object this, @Initialized @Nullable Object p0) $$ ( 1492, 1502 ) $$ Incompatible parameter type for obj.
	public boolean equals(Object obj)
	                             ^
  found   : @Initialized @NonNull Object
  required: @Initialized @Nullable Object
  Consequence: method in @Initialized @NonNull Rook
    @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Rook this, @Initialized @NonNull Object p0)
  cannot override method in @Initialized @NonNull Object
    @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Object this, @Initialized @Nullable Object p0)
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/Position.java:53: error: (return) $$ 2 $$ @Initialized @Nullable Position $$ @Initialized @NonNull Position $$ ( 1062, 1097 ) $$ incompatible types in return.
		return POSITIONS.get(Pair.of(column, row));
		                    ^
  type of expression: @Initialized @Nullable Position
  method return type: @Initialized @NonNull Position
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/Position.java:139: error: (override.param) $$ 7 $$ obj $$ @Initialized @NonNull Object $$ @Initialized @Nullable Object $$ @Initialized @NonNull Position $$ @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Position this, @Initialized @NonNull Object p0) $$ @Initialized @NonNull Object $$ @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Object this, @Initialized @Nullable Object p0) $$ ( 2448, 2458 ) $$ Incompatible parameter type for obj.
	public boolean equals(Object obj) 
	                             ^
  found   : @Initialized @NonNull Object
  required: @Initialized @Nullable Object
  Consequence: method in @Initialized @NonNull Position
    @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Position this, @Initialized @NonNull Object p0)
  cannot override method in @Initialized @NonNull Object
    @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Object this, @Initialized @Nullable Object p0)
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/Move.java:126: error: (override.param) $$ 7 $$ obj $$ @Initialized @NonNull Object $$ @Initialized @Nullable Object $$ @Initialized @NonNull Move $$ @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Move this, @Initialized @NonNull Object p0) $$ @Initialized @NonNull Object $$ @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Object this, @Initialized @Nullable Object p0) $$ ( 2613, 2623 ) $$ Incompatible parameter type for obj.
	public boolean equals(Object obj)
	                             ^
  found   : @Initialized @NonNull Object
  required: @Initialized @Nullable Object
  Consequence: method in @Initialized @NonNull Move
    @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Move this, @Initialized @NonNull Object p0)
  cannot override method in @Initialized @NonNull Object
    @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Object this, @Initialized @Nullable Object p0)
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/Range.java:142: error: (override.param) $$ 7 $$ obj $$ @Initialized @NonNull Object $$ @Initialized @Nullable Object $$ @Initialized @NonNull Range $$ @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Range this, @Initialized @NonNull Object p0) $$ @Initialized @NonNull Object $$ @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Object this, @Initialized @Nullable Object p0) $$ ( 2952, 2962 ) $$ Incompatible parameter type for obj.
	public boolean equals(Object obj)
	                             ^
  found   : @Initialized @NonNull Object
  required: @Initialized @Nullable Object
  Consequence: method in @Initialized @NonNull Range
    @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Range this, @Initialized @NonNull Object p0)
  cannot override method in @Initialized @NonNull Object
    @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Object this, @Initialized @Nullable Object p0)
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/Situation.java:313: error: (argument) $$ 4 $$ from $$ King.generateMoves $$ @Initialized @Nullable Position $$ @Initialized @NonNull Position $$ ( 5928, 5932 ) $$ incompatible argument for parameter from of King.generateMoves.
		List<Move> moves = king.generateMoves(from);
		                                      ^
  found   : @Initialized @Nullable Position
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Position
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/Situation.java:408: error: (override.param) $$ 7 $$ obj $$ @Initialized @NonNull Object $$ @Initialized @Nullable Object $$ @Initialized @NonNull Situation $$ @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Situation this, @Initialized @NonNull Object p0) $$ @Initialized @NonNull Object $$ @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Object this, @Initialized @Nullable Object p0) $$ ( 7471, 7481 ) $$ Incompatible parameter type for obj.
	public boolean equals(Object obj)
	                             ^
  found   : @Initialized @NonNull Object
  required: @Initialized @Nullable Object
  Consequence: method in @Initialized @NonNull Situation
    @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Situation this, @Initialized @NonNull Object p0)
  cannot override method in @Initialized @NonNull Object
    @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Object this, @Initialized @Nullable Object p0)
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/Column.java:161: error: (assignment) $$ 2 $$ null (NullType) $$ @Initialized @NonNull Column $$ ( 2530, 2534 ) $$ incompatible types in assignment.
				currColumn = null;
				             ^
  found   : null (NullType)
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Column
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/Column.java:214: error: (assignment) $$ 2 $$ null (NullType) $$ @Initialized @NonNull Column $$ ( 3469, 3473 ) $$ incompatible types in assignment.
				currColumn = null;
				             ^
  found   : null (NullType)
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Column
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/Row.java:161: error: (assignment) $$ 2 $$ null (NullType) $$ @Initialized @NonNull Row $$ ( 2426, 2430 ) $$ incompatible types in assignment.
				currRow = null;
				          ^
  found   : null (NullType)
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Row
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/Row.java:214: error: (assignment) $$ 2 $$ null (NullType) $$ @Initialized @NonNull Row $$ ( 3281, 3285 ) $$ incompatible types in assignment.
				currRow = null;
				          ^
  found   : null (NullType)
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Row
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/strategies/PrecomputedValues.java:254: error: (argument) $$ 4 $$ arg1 $$ Map.put $$ @Initialized @Nullable Move $$ @Initialized @NonNull Move $$ ( 5748, 5754 ) $$ incompatible argument for parameter arg1 of Map.put.
			moves.put(key, result);
			               ^
  found   : @Initialized @Nullable Move
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Move
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/SituationTest.java:19: error: (initialization.field.uninitialized) $$ 1 $$ blackKing $$ ( 289, 312 ) $$ the default constructor does not initialize field blackKing
	private King blackKing;
	             ^
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/SituationTest.java:21: error: (initialization.field.uninitialized) $$ 1 $$ whitePlayer $$ ( 315, 342 ) $$ the default constructor does not initialize field whitePlayer
	private Player whitePlayer;	
	               ^
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/SituationTest.java:22: error: (initialization.field.uninitialized) $$ 1 $$ whiteKing $$ ( 345, 368 ) $$ the default constructor does not initialize field whiteKing
	private King whiteKing;
	             ^
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/SituationTest.java:23: error: (initialization.field.uninitialized) $$ 1 $$ whiteRook $$ ( 370, 393 ) $$ the default constructor does not initialize field whiteRook
	private Rook whiteRook;
	             ^
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/Win.java:26: error: (override.param) $$ 7 $$ obj $$ @Initialized @NonNull Object $$ @Initialized @Nullable Object $$ @Initialized @NonNull Win $$ @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Win this, @Initialized @NonNull Object p0) $$ @Initialized @NonNull Object $$ @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Object this, @Initialized @Nullable Object p0) $$ ( 370, 380 ) $$ Incompatible parameter type for obj.
	public boolean equals(Object obj)
	                             ^
  found   : @Initialized @NonNull Object
  required: @Initialized @Nullable Object
  Consequence: method in @Initialized @NonNull Win
    @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Win this, @Initialized @NonNull Object p0)
  cannot override method in @Initialized @NonNull Object
    @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Object this, @Initialized @Nullable Object p0)
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/core/Draw.java:16: error: (override.param) $$ 7 $$ obj $$ @Initialized @NonNull Object $$ @Initialized @Nullable Object $$ @Initialized @NonNull Draw $$ @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Draw this, @Initialized @NonNull Object p0) $$ @Initialized @NonNull Object $$ @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Object this, @Initialized @Nullable Object p0) $$ ( 229, 239 ) $$ Incompatible parameter type for obj.
	public boolean equals(Object obj) {
	                             ^
  found   : @Initialized @NonNull Object
  required: @Initialized @Nullable Object
  Consequence: method in @Initialized @NonNull Draw
    @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Draw this, @Initialized @NonNull Object p0)
  cannot override method in @Initialized @NonNull Object
    @Initialized @NonNull boolean equals(@Initialized @NonNull Object this, @Initialized @Nullable Object p0)
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/CLIAdapter.java:81: error: (argument) $$ 4 $$ in $$ BufferedInputStream constructor $$ @Initialized @Nullable InputStream $$ @Initialized @NonNull InputStream $$ ( 2316, 2318 ) $$ incompatible argument for parameter in of BufferedInputStream constructor.
			in = new ObjectInputStream(new BufferedInputStream(is));
			                                                   ^
  found   : @Initialized @Nullable InputStream
  required: @Initialized @NonNull InputStream
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/CLIAdapter.java:151: error: (dereference.of.nullable) $$ 1 $$ line $$ ( 3527, 3531 ) $$ dereference of possibly-null reference line
				String[] tokens = line.split("-");
				                  ^
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/CLIAdapter.java:238: error: (argument) $$ 4 $$ line $$ Position.get $$ @Initialized @Nullable String $$ @Initialized @NonNull String $$ ( 5328, 5332 ) $$ incompatible argument for parameter line of Position.get.
				Position result = Position.get(line);
				                               ^
  found   : @Initialized @Nullable String
  required: @Initialized @NonNull String
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/Window.java:27: error: (method.invocation) $$ 3 $$ setTitle(java.lang.String) $$ @UnderInitialization(javax.swing.JFrame.class) @NonNull Frame $$ @Initialized @NonNull Frame $$ ( 445, 471 ) $$ call to setTitle(java.lang.String) not allowed on the given receiver.
		setTitle("Chess Endgames");
		        ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization(javax.swing.JFrame.class) @NonNull Frame
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Frame
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/Window.java:28: error: (method.invocation) $$ 3 $$ setDefaultCloseOperation(int) $$ @UnderInitialization(javax.swing.JFrame.class) @NonNull JFrame $$ @Initialized @NonNull JFrame $$ ( 475, 514 ) $$ call to setDefaultCloseOperation(int) not allowed on the given receiver.
		setDefaultCloseOperation(EXIT_ON_CLOSE);
		                        ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization(javax.swing.JFrame.class) @NonNull JFrame
  required: @Initialized @NonNull JFrame
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/Window.java:29: error: (method.invocation) $$ 3 $$ setResizable(boolean) $$ @UnderInitialization(javax.swing.JFrame.class) @NonNull Frame $$ @Initialized @NonNull Frame $$ ( 518, 537 ) $$ call to setResizable(boolean) not allowed on the given receiver.
		setResizable(false);
		            ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization(javax.swing.JFrame.class) @NonNull Frame
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Frame
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/Window.java:31: error: (method.invocation) $$ 3 $$ setLayout(java.awt.LayoutManager) $$ @UnderInitialization(javax.swing.JFrame.class) @NonNull JFrame $$ @Initialized @NonNull JFrame $$ ( 544, 573 ) $$ call to setLayout(java.awt.LayoutManager) not allowed on the given receiver.
		setLayout(new BorderLayout());
		         ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization(javax.swing.JFrame.class) @NonNull JFrame
  required: @Initialized @NonNull JFrame
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/Window.java:39: error: (method.invocation) $$ 3 $$ pack() $$ @UnderInitialization(cz.dusanrychnovsky.chessendgames.gui.Window.class) @NonNull Window $$ @Initialized @NonNull Window $$ ( 752, 758 ) $$ call to pack() not allowed on the given receiver.
		pack();
		    ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization(cz.dusanrychnovsky.chessendgames.gui.Window.class) @NonNull Window
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Window
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/Window.java:40: error: (method.invocation) $$ 3 $$ setLocationRelativeTo(java.awt.Component) $$ @UnderInitialization(cz.dusanrychnovsky.chessendgames.gui.Window.class) @NonNull Window $$ @Initialized @NonNull Window $$ ( 762, 789 ) $$ call to setLocationRelativeTo(java.awt.Component) not allowed on the given receiver.
		setLocationRelativeTo(null);
		                     ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization(cz.dusanrychnovsky.chessendgames.gui.Window.class) @NonNull Window
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Window
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/Window.java:41: error: (method.invocation) $$ 3 $$ setVisible(boolean) $$ @UnderInitialization(cz.dusanrychnovsky.chessendgames.gui.Window.class) @NonNull Window $$ @Initialized @NonNull Window $$ ( 793, 809 ) $$ call to setVisible(boolean) not allowed on the given receiver.
		setVisible(true);
		          ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization(cz.dusanrychnovsky.chessendgames.gui.Window.class) @NonNull Window
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Window
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/Board.java:44: error: (assignment) $$ 2 $$ null (NullType) $$ @Initialized @NonNull Situation $$ ( 1272, 1276 ) $$ incompatible types in assignment.
	private Situation currentSituation = null;
	                                     ^
  found   : null (NullType)
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Situation
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/Board.java:55: error: (method.invocation) $$ 3 $$ initPanel() $$ @UnderInitialization(javax.swing.JPanel.class) @NonNull Board $$ @Initialized @NonNull Board $$ ( 1423, 1434 ) $$ call to initPanel() not allowed on the given receiver.
		initPanel();
		         ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization(javax.swing.JPanel.class) @NonNull Board
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Board
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/Board.java:57: error: (method.invocation) $$ 3 $$ loadImage(java.lang.String) $$ @UnderInitialization(javax.swing.JPanel.class) @NonNull Board $$ @Initialized @NonNull Board $$ ( 1449, 1477 ) $$ call to loadImage(java.lang.String) not allowed on the given receiver.
		board = loadImage("empty-board.png");
		                 ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization(javax.swing.JPanel.class) @NonNull Board
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Board
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/Board.java:58: error: (method.invocation) $$ 3 $$ loadImage(java.lang.String) $$ @UnderInitialization(javax.swing.JPanel.class) @NonNull Board $$ @Initialized @NonNull Board $$ ( 1493, 1520 ) $$ call to loadImage(java.lang.String) not allowed on the given receiver.
		blackKing = loadImage("black-king.png");
		                     ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization(javax.swing.JPanel.class) @NonNull Board
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Board
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/Board.java:59: error: (method.invocation) $$ 3 $$ loadImage(java.lang.String) $$ @UnderInitialization(javax.swing.JPanel.class) @NonNull Board $$ @Initialized @NonNull Board $$ ( 1536, 1563 ) $$ call to loadImage(java.lang.String) not allowed on the given receiver.
		blackRook = loadImage("black-rook.png");
		                     ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization(javax.swing.JPanel.class) @NonNull Board
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Board
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/Board.java:60: error: (method.invocation) $$ 3 $$ loadImage(java.lang.String) $$ @UnderInitialization(javax.swing.JPanel.class) @NonNull Board $$ @Initialized @NonNull Board $$ ( 1579, 1606 ) $$ call to loadImage(java.lang.String) not allowed on the given receiver.
		whiteKing = loadImage("white-king.png");
		                     ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization(javax.swing.JPanel.class) @NonNull Board
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Board
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/Board.java:79: error: (argument) $$ 4 $$ location $$ ImageIcon constructor $$ @Initialized @Nullable URL $$ @Initialized @NonNull URL $$ ( 1874, 1912 ) $$ incompatible argument for parameter location of ImageIcon constructor.
        ImageIcon boardIcon = new ImageIcon(this.getClass().getResource(imagePath));
                                                                       ^
  found   : @Initialized @Nullable URL
  required: @Initialized @NonNull URL
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/Board.java:108: error: (argument) $$ 4 $$ arg3 $$ Graphics.drawImage $$ null (NullType) $$ @Initialized @NonNull ImageObserver $$ ( 2376, 2380 ) $$ incompatible argument for parameter arg3 of Graphics.drawImage.
		g2d.drawImage(board, 0, 0, null);
		                           ^
  found   : null (NullType)
  required: @Initialized @NonNull ImageObserver
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/Board.java:136: error: (argument) $$ 4 $$ arg3 $$ Graphics.drawImage $$ null (NullType) $$ @Initialized @NonNull ImageObserver $$ ( 2924, 2928 ) $$ incompatible argument for parameter arg3 of Graphics.drawImage.
		g2d.drawImage(image, posX, posY, null);
		                                 ^
  found   : null (NullType)
  required: @Initialized @NonNull ImageObserver
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/StatusBar.java:26: error: (method.invocation) $$ 3 $$ setPreferredSize(java.awt.Dimension) $$ @UnderInitialization(javax.swing.JPanel.class) @NonNull JComponent $$ @Initialized @NonNull JComponent $$ ( 395, 435 ) $$ call to setPreferredSize(java.awt.Dimension) not allowed on the given receiver.
		setPreferredSize(new Dimension(424, 18));
		                ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization(javax.swing.JPanel.class) @NonNull JComponent
  required: @Initialized @NonNull JComponent
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/StatusBar.java:27: error: (method.invocation) $$ 3 $$ setBackground(java.awt.Color) $$ @UnderInitialization(javax.swing.JPanel.class) @NonNull JComponent $$ @Initialized @NonNull JComponent $$ ( 439, 473 ) $$ call to setBackground(java.awt.Color) not allowed on the given receiver.
		setBackground(SystemColor.control);
		             ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization(javax.swing.JPanel.class) @NonNull JComponent
  required: @Initialized @NonNull JComponent
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/GUIAdapter.java:57: error: (initialization.fields.uninitialized) $$ 1 $$ game, currentState $$ ( 1554, 1964 ) $$ the constructor does not initialize fields: game, currentState
	public GUIAdapter() throws ClassNotFoundException, IOException 
	       ^
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/GUIAdapter.java:62: error: (argument) $$ 4 $$ in $$ BufferedInputStream constructor $$ @Initialized @Nullable InputStream $$ @Initialized @NonNull InputStream $$ ( 1825, 1827 ) $$ incompatible argument for parameter in of BufferedInputStream constructor.
		ObjectInputStream in = new ObjectInputStream(new BufferedInputStream(is));
		                                                                     ^
  found   : @Initialized @Nullable InputStream
  required: @Initialized @NonNull InputStream
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/GUIAdapter.java:69: error: (assignment) $$ 2 $$ @UnderInitialization(cz.dusanrychnovsky.chessendgames.gui.Window.class) @NonNull Window $$ @Initialized @NonNull Window $$ ( 1930, 1946 ) $$ incompatible types in assignment.
		window = new Window(this);
		         ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization(cz.dusanrychnovsky.chessendgames.gui.Window.class) @NonNull Window
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Window
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/GUIAdapter.java:69: error: (argument) $$ 4 $$ listener $$ Window constructor $$ @UnderInitialization @NonNull GUIAdapter $$ @Initialized @NonNull MouseEventListener $$ ( 1941, 1945 ) $$ incompatible argument for parameter listener of Window constructor.
		window = new Window(this);
		                    ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization @NonNull GUIAdapter
  required: @Initialized @NonNull MouseEventListener
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/GUIAdapter.java:70: error: (method.invocation) $$ 3 $$ initGame() $$ @UnderInitialization @NonNull GUIAdapter $$ @Initialized @NonNull GUIAdapter $$ ( 1950, 1960 ) $$ call to initGame() not allowed on the given receiver.
		initGame();
		        ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization @NonNull GUIAdapter
  required: @Initialized @NonNull GUIAdapter
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/SplashScreen.java:17: error: (method.invocation) $$ 3 $$ setUndecorated(boolean) $$ @UnderInitialization(cz.dusanrychnovsky.chessendgames.gui.SplashScreen.class) @NonNull Frame $$ @Initialized @NonNull Frame $$ ( 345, 365 ) $$ call to setUndecorated(boolean) not allowed on the given receiver.
		setUndecorated(true);
		              ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization(cz.dusanrychnovsky.chessendgames.gui.SplashScreen.class) @NonNull Frame
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Frame
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/SplashScreen.java:18: error: (method.invocation) $$ 3 $$ setLayout(java.awt.LayoutManager) $$ @UnderInitialization(cz.dusanrychnovsky.chessendgames.gui.SplashScreen.class) @NonNull JFrame $$ @Initialized @NonNull JFrame $$ ( 369, 398 ) $$ call to setLayout(java.awt.LayoutManager) not allowed on the given receiver.
		setLayout(new BorderLayout());
		         ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization(cz.dusanrychnovsky.chessendgames.gui.SplashScreen.class) @NonNull JFrame
  required: @Initialized @NonNull JFrame
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/SplashScreen.java:23: error: (method.invocation) $$ 3 $$ setPreferredSize(java.awt.Dimension) $$ @UnderInitialization(cz.dusanrychnovsky.chessendgames.gui.SplashScreen.class) @NonNull Component $$ @Initialized @NonNull Component $$ ( 541, 582 ) $$ call to setPreferredSize(java.awt.Dimension) not allowed on the given receiver.
		setPreferredSize(new Dimension(300, 100));
		                ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization(cz.dusanrychnovsky.chessendgames.gui.SplashScreen.class) @NonNull Component
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Component
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/SplashScreen.java:24: error: (method.invocation) $$ 3 $$ pack() $$ @UnderInitialization(cz.dusanrychnovsky.chessendgames.gui.SplashScreen.class) @NonNull Window $$ @Initialized @NonNull Window $$ ( 586, 592 ) $$ call to pack() not allowed on the given receiver.
		pack();
		    ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization(cz.dusanrychnovsky.chessendgames.gui.SplashScreen.class) @NonNull Window
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Window
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/SplashScreen.java:25: error: (method.invocation) $$ 3 $$ setLocationRelativeTo(java.awt.Component) $$ @UnderInitialization(cz.dusanrychnovsky.chessendgames.gui.SplashScreen.class) @NonNull Window $$ @Initialized @NonNull Window $$ ( 596, 623 ) $$ call to setLocationRelativeTo(java.awt.Component) not allowed on the given receiver.
		setLocationRelativeTo(null);
		                     ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization(cz.dusanrychnovsky.chessendgames.gui.SplashScreen.class) @NonNull Window
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Window
source/url9d32402837/src/cz/dusanrychnovsky/chessendgames/gui/SplashScreen.java:26: error: (method.invocation) $$ 3 $$ setVisible(boolean) $$ @UnderInitialization(cz.dusanrychnovsky.chessendgames.gui.SplashScreen.class) @NonNull Window $$ @Initialized @NonNull Window $$ ( 627, 643 ) $$ call to setVisible(boolean) not allowed on the given receiver.
		setVisible(true);
		          ^
  found   : @UnderInitialization(cz.dusanrychnovsky.chessendgames.gui.SplashScreen.class) @NonNull Window
  required: @Initialized @NonNull Window
60 errors
